Docs for synthetic source (#87416)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/types/keyword.asciidoc

====
--

ifeval::["{release-state}"=="unreleased"]
[[keyword-synthetic-source]]
==== Synthetic source

> `keyword` fields support <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> in their
> default configuration. But they don't support synthetic `_source` if you add
> <<ignore-above,`ignore_above`>>, a <<normalizer,`normalizer`>>,
> <<copy-to,`copy_to`>>, or if you disable <<doc-values,`doc_values`>>.
> 
> Synthetic source will always sort `keyword` fields and remove duplicates so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`keyword` fields support <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> in their
default configuration. Synthetic `_source` cannot be used together with
<<ignore-above,`ignore_above`>>, a <<normalizer,`normalizer`>>,
<<copy-to,`copy_to`>>, or with <<doc-values,`doc_values`>> disabled.

Synthetic source always sorts `keyword` fields and removes duplicates. For
example:
```
